The Four most common Responses
     1. "No, Thanks, I'm happy with what I have"
     2. "I'm not interested"
     3. "I'm too busy"
     4. "Send me some literature"
     
No,Thanks. I'm happy with what I have
-------------------------------------
***
     Don't say, "I sure can understand that," which is the most people have been 
     taught to turn around responses. It sounds stupid. It's completely unbelievable.
     What is there for you to understand  at this point in the conversion?.
     
     
     Remember: If you speak intelligently with a prospect, the prospect will speak
     intelligently back to you. People respond in kind.
     
     so don't say things like "I know how you feel" or "I can understand that" at this
     early point in the relationship.
***

I told him the truth: I'd heard similar reactions from other companies in his industry
before they saw how what we offered complemented what they were already doing.

Steve: You know something, Mr. Jones, that's great that you're using sales training.
       A lot of the other banks( and I named several banks that we had worked with)
       have said the same thing before they had a chance to see how our program, especially
       the cold calling program, how it would complement what they were doing in-house.
       You know something, we should get together. How about next Tuesday at 3:00?
       
Prospect: (After a pause.) Okay.


I'm Not Interested
-------------------
***
     Sales is selling to somebody who wasn't interested prior to your call.
     If they were interested, they would have called you.
***

Steve: Well, Mr. prospect, a lot of people had the same reaction you did when
I first called-before they had a chance to see how what we do will benifit them

If you have appropriate referrals, you should certainly use them,
and this is the perfect time. Tell your contact that the XYZ company, the ABC 
company, all had the same reaction he did before they had a chance to see how what
you do could benefit them.


I'm too busy
------------
***
     Most of the sales people react by asking, "well, what's a better time to call?"
***

Instead of asking, "What's better time to call?" I say:
Well, Mr. prospect, the only reason I was calling was to set an appointment. 
Would next Tuesday at 3:00 be okay?




